hi I'm Gary McPherson and I work here at
Lu great trailers is the manager of
engineering Lloyd Wright has been in
business here in Fairless Hills
Pennsylvania since 1982 and we
manufacture photo trailers from anything
from a jet ski up to a 15,000 thousand
pound trailer we were approached by the
Washington Crossing Park folks and asked
if we could make a trailer for the
Durham boats the Durham boats are the
boots that they used during the
Revolutionary War of Christmas Day 1776
when Washington crossed the Delaware to
defeat the British so we're happy to be
involved in that project and do anything
that we can for the for the cause so
basically what we did is we went out to
the site to watching the crossing site
we looked at the boats took all the
measurements off the boats so that we
have all the pertinent information
design then we come back and lay this
out in autocad electronic drawing
program to get all the right proportion
the geometry of the trailer then we
detail all the parts up so that we have
drawings working drawings for everything
we had order special material for this
particular job
the frames themselves are actually 400
inches long it's the biggest range we've
ever actually made here at load right
and then we process the frames and then
we we send the frames out for
galvanizing hot dip galvanizing which is
a process that protects the brain region
and rust and that's pretty much how we
make most of our of our trailers here
at that point we received other
materials back from the the galvanizing
process and what you think today is the
actual assembly of the trailer so
when he flips us over and starts
building all the appendages on the
roller
questions and so forth
probably about this much time again so
the process that we're at right now the
stage of the process that we're in right
now is about half way of the final up
assembly process itself
so basically this is a custom trailer
it's a one-off
we pretty much designed it from scratch
and it's designed and curtailed to fit
those boats specifically for local
manufacturer here in Paris Hilton
Sylvania and we've actually been in
business here at mode right since 1981
you